docs: Describe token locality for auth methods (#12019)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/security/acl/auth-methods/jwt.mdx

with a different name.

@include 'jwt_claim_mapping_details.mdx'

## Token Locality

> By default, tokens created by the JWT Auth Method will have local scope and will
> therefore only be valid for the datacenter in which they were created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, tokens created by the JWT authentication method are scoped to the local datacenter in which they were created.
```
Simple present tense

> In the primary DC, the Auth Method can be created with [`-token-locality=global`](/commands/acl/auth-method/create#token-locality). With globaly token locality, the tokens will be replicated to all secondary datacenters.

Author: ```suggestion
In the primary DC, the Auth Method can be created with [`-token-locality=global`](/commands/acl/auth-method/create#token-locality). All tokens with global locality will be replicated to all secondary datacenters.
```

Author: @dnephin I made one tweak to your suggestion.

> Either a global token, or a local token in the target datacenter, is required to perform a cross-datacenter request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Either a global token, or a local token from the target datacenter, is required to perform a cross-datacenter request.
```

I'm not sure what others thing, but to me "from" reads a bit better here than "in".

> to create tokens with global scope in order for requests to be validated.

Author: > I think there's one small detail that is missing here (and the same applies to the other auth method pages) , which is that `global` is only supported in the primary DC ([ref](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/v1.11.1/agent/consul/acl_endpoint.go#L438-L440)).

Good call. I will call this out.

> to create tokens with global scope in order for requests to be validated.

Author: > Either a global token, or a local token in the target datacenter, is required to perform a cross-datacenter request.

This is also a good point. I didn't think about the case where the token was neither local to the source datacenter _nor_ a globally scoped token. I think this update covers this case.
